so Xiang nian Xiang and zhongshi is
basically physiognomies it's basically
the reading of your palm face or body
features and its relation to your
personality and fortune physiognomies
has long been used in Chinese history
for example during the spring and autumn
period finally used to be a political
adviser for king goujian of the you a
kingdom and helped him win many wars
however he did not stay by the Kings
side because he saw that goujian has a
long neck and a beak shaped mouth and
from that he could tell that he's
someone with whom one can share troubles
but not happiness
finally resigned after king goujian took
over the wu kingdom and his predictions
came true soon
koujun killed every single minister in
general who has helped him in the past
well that's a little sad store in
history so if you ever see someone with
a long neck and a beak shaped mouth run
okay just kidding but it's fun to look
at some of the common features of
everyday people and interpret the hidden
meanings behind it with Chinese
physiognomies round fat long earlobes
mean good luck and longevity you can
find huge earlobes on all Buddha statues
right if your eyebrows are light and
lack hair it means you don't have any
friends or siblings it could also mean
that you don't have much energy and
could potentially have sickness yech
take care of yourself if your eyebrows
are so light that you can't even see it
it means that you're cold hearted Wow
if the area between your eyebrows the
glabella or eating tongue is dark it
means you're seriously ill or could
potentially have bad things happen to
you for girls if your eyebrows are far
apart it means you're really
simple-minded and can easily be tricked
this part is both for men and women if
your eyebrows are less than two fingers
width between each other that means
you're skeptical and stingy if your
eyebrows are very close almost connected
this means you're emotional more likely
to waste time on insignificant problems
and live a bitter life people with
eyebrows more than three fingers and
distance are easy to get along with but
also easy to be blinded by emotions it
is best when eyebrows are two finger
widths apart from each other or one and
a half fingers width apart for girls
keen I guess you can change your fate by
plucking your eyebrows well I've got two
so means I'm good
also in Chinese fizz
you mean the philtrum yunjeong the glue
on top of your lip represents one's life
and ability to have children if your
philtrum is wide and deep it means your
life will be smooth and we'll have a lot
of children that it's soft and short
then you might have a hard time having a
child interesting fact it is well known
in Chinese medicine that if someone
fainted or passed out you can bring
someone back to consciousness by
pinching their philtrum pressure point
if you have thick lips that means you
are honest and reliable if you have thin
lips that means you are realistic and
selfish it can also mean that you are in
constant with love there's also a
Chinese saying chink when tea pump so if
you're chubby that means you are
easygoing or don't have much worries it
is also believed that Han Chinese people
have a line at approximately one inch
before elbow on the inside of both of
your forearms right there I guess I'm
Han Chinese if you're Chinese definitely
check it out
fatty and smooth hands mean that you
will have a good life and be happy with
your marriage bony hands mean you have
to work a lot I'm sure you've all heard
of Morton's toe when your second toe is
longer than your big toe in Chinese
physiognomies it means that you are not
very close to your mother
hmm I'm pretty close to my mom and I
don't have Morton's toe hair world Shar
is the patch of hair growing in the
opposite direction of the rest of the
hair there's a Chinese saying about them
each our hyung are Chardon yang Shan
show up we are me if you have one hair
world you're aggressive if you have two
hair world you are stubborn if you have
three you don't care about losing your
life in a fight remember a lot of these
are just sayings let us know what other
physiognomies things you've heard of
nope you guys like this thanks again for
watching be sure to share this video and
also like us subscribe and yeah
you next time in Chinese physiognomies
the philtrum hair world ready sharp hey
there's a Chinese saying about them yes
wrong huh come on man what does that
mean okay
aggressive huh you sure hon Oh shiny
Chinese are sharni fashion up we all me
dude I there's no it you gotta you gotta
you gotta say that I can't say that I'm
gonna screw this up so bad you sure hon
you sure are you shy hyung our shrine
Ying I'm gonna talk about that son Shar
what ah yup will help me shower our job
we all mean
alright I can do it I get it I get it I
get it I get it alright ready there's a
Chinese saying about them each are hung
our Chardonnay Sasha a job we are me
that's good that's good man that was
good that was good that was good right
all right